Brendan,

I'm not exactly sure what to implement next so I figured now is a good time to send it to you.  Take a look at it whenever you have time and feel like it.  There's absolutely no rush.

First of all, these are the things that you'll need for it to run:

	python2.5 (required to run the software)
	http://www.python.org/download/

	matplotlib (required for graphs; the dist function is pretty weak without this lib but it will still run)
	http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/

	NumPy (needed for matplotlib to work)
	http://numpy.scipy.org/

	When I installed matplotlib on OS X it told me I needed the following two packages.  I didn't install them on windows and the software ran as expected.  You can probably ignore them.

	python-dateutil
	http://labix.org/python-dateutil

	pytz
	http://pytz.sourceforge.net/

Once you've got the necessary stuff installed you're ready to roll.  I have attached zip file with my code in it, as well as my slightly-out-of-date data file.  On windows I always run the script from the command line but I'm pretty sure that you can simply double-click once python is installed.  After double clicking it you'll get a prompt "> ".  You can type "help" to see what some of the commands are.  I won't do much with the help until I have a better idea how the software will be used.  So here's what you can do with it:

import all.txt
	this converts the data file into bowling.db

list
	lists all games
list 200
	lists all games 200 or greater
list 190 200
	lists all games between 190 and 200 (inclusive)

summary
	summarizes the last 10 days and gives a 10-day average
summary 23
	summarizes the last 23 days and gives a 23-day average
summary 10 1
	summarizes the last 10 days offset by 1 day (After adding
	a new day I forgot what the old average was so I wanted
	a way of easily seeing it again)

last
	lists the last 10 games
last 47
	lists the last 47 games

ave
	calculates running and all-time averages

dist
	calculates the distribution of games with 5-pin resolution


That's pretty much all it can do right now.  The code is ugly and needs to be cleaned.  I need to spawn a new thread to display the graph so that the prompt is returned.  There is a calc command which I intended to be used for more powerful calculations.  I have not determined what those calculations should be yet.

So when you get a chance to try it, let me know what you think.  The bowling.db is an sqlite database.  sqlite databases are a little less strict than other relational databases.  If you can interface the data directly from root, send me some pretty graphs.

Kevin


